I couldn't even touch my keyboard this
week there's Pats fans there's godown
fans
after the bottom a pharaoh and pharaoh
law gets up a little high patch we'll
take the third spot Elaine patch to the
inside of Danny pushing up the
speedway pouch in a second ouch goes up
to the cushion pulled right in behind it
he follows him down the back
ouch now underneath Oliver going into
turn number three Oliver holding his
line through the middle group of pouch
gets the better of it up the corner of
Billy pouches or leader with two to go
we thing
threw one into Oliver on the inside a
half Garstang only in the third spot now
they race down the back this time app
core not let and pouch heading there's a
fence to get it fixed
yellow
so you want to do it down the back path
where everything will lead by four car
lengths over Danny box good battling
going on a pouch drives by Y and going
at it in the seventh spot now we've
heard free-spending over front
straightaway
I don't like Billy and never will like
village just just how it is nothing I'm
gonna go out there and hate on somebody
heard of the hey I'm not looking at 7:47
of orion go down we'll go to the rear of
the field for over aggressive driving
down front we wanted to decide to try
the outside of Wallace which they've
lined to the inside now it's building up
momentum now drives to the outside a
wall wall on the bottom out on the far
outside Billy pads drive so I'll paddle
in to leave at five to go Tampa let me
go patch to the inside of the guys will
I will keeping it up top
I'd slide them in front of a bump a
brothel checkered flag for Billy pouch I
know he's a saint you don't hurt nobody
and he's always by the rules but
whatever yeah you know I mean you like
Teresa moon wheel with people you don't
like them spending yeah I guess you know
like I said I gotta thank my fans of
standing behind
my father's an owner hey go Billy to kid
you